the sun is a star.
mercury is the closest planet to the sun.
venus is the second planet from the sun.
earth is the third planet from the sun.
mars is the fourth planet from the sun.
jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system.
saturn is a planet with large rings.
uranus is an ice giant.
neptune is the farthest planet from the sun.
the moon is a natural satellite of the earth.
water is a molecule composed of hydrogen and oxygen.
oxygen is a gas necessary for human life.
nitrogen is the most abundant gas in the atmosphere.
carbon dioxide is a gas used by plants for photosynthesis.
iron is a metal used in construction.
gold is a precious metal.
copper is a conductor of electricity.
silver is a highly reflective metal.
the pacific ocean is the largest ocean on earth.
the atlantic ocean is the second largest ocean on earth.
the nile is the longest river in the world.
mount everest is the highest mountain on earth.
paris is the capital of france.
london is the capital of the united kingdom.
tokyo is the capital of japan.
washington is the capital of the united states.
berlin is the capital of germany.
rome is the capital of italy.
cairo is the capital of egypt.
canberra is the capital of australia.
ottawa is the capital of canada.
brasilia is the capital of brazil.
a square is a shape with four equal sides.
a triangle is a shape with three sides.
a circle is a shape with no corners.
an octagon is a shape with eight sides.
a decade is a period of ten years.
a century is a period of one hundred years.
a millennium is a period of one thousand years.
biology is the study of living organisms.
physics is the study of matter and energy.
chemistry is the study of chemical substances.
geology is the study of the earth.
astronomy is the study of celestial objects.
an apple is a fruit.
a carrot is a vegetable.
milk is a source of calcium.
honey is a natural sweetener produced by bees.
the heart is an organ that pumps blood.
the brain is the center of the nervous system.
lungs are organs used for breathing.
skin is the largest organ of the human body.
